it's very quiet here on the streets of
bet hanon in the north of the Gaza Strip
most residents are just staying indoors
trying to remain safe there have been a
lot of Israeli air strikes here in the
past day or so several of them targeting
houses if you look at this one over here
it's been almost destroyed locals say
that it was an Islamic Jihad leader that
was living here he and his family
weren't in the house at the time but in
another home nearby there were six
members of One family who were killed
and the Israeli military went after
another Islamic Jihad leader now the IDF
says what is targeting here are rocket
launching sites as well as known
militants but of course this is also a
residential area and now we're starting
to see the numbers of civilians killed
in this latest conflict mounting up as
well as the numbers of wounded